New faceting syntax (#147)
posit-dev/ggsql: doc/syntax/scale/aesthetic/Z_facetting.qmd

---
title: Faceting
---

> ggsql provides 1 or 2 aesthetics related to faceting. These are special in the sense that they do not alter the display of the single data values, but rather in which plot they appear. While it is possible to map to these aesthetics in a layer they are most often applied globally as part of the [`FACET` clause](../../clause/facet.qmd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ggsql provides one or two aesthetics related to faceting. These are special in the sense that they do not alter the display of the single data values, but rather alter in which plot they appear. While it is possible to map to these aesthetics in a layer they are most often applied globally as part of the [`FACET` clause](../../clause/facet.qmd).
```
